bpo-42128: Add documentation for pattern matching (PEP 634) (#24664)
python/cpython: Doc/reference/lexical_analysis.rst

   assert     del        global     not        with
   async      elif       if         or         yield

.. _soft-keywords:

Soft Keywords
-------------

.. index:: soft keyword, keyword

.. versionadded:: 3.10

> The identifiers ``match``, ``case`` and ``_`` can syntactically act as keywords in some
> specific contexts related to the pattern matching statement, but this distinction is done
> at the parser level, not when tokenizing.

Reviewer: Extremely minor nit; feel free to ignore if you disagree. I think there should be at least a sentence describing what a _soft keyword_ actually is, similar to the keyword section above.

```suggestion
Some identifiers are only reserved under specific contexts. These are known as
*soft keywords*.  The identifiers ``match``, ``case`` and ``_`` can
syntactically act as keywords in contexts related to the pattern matching
statement, but this distinction is done at the parser level, not when
tokenizing.
```

Author: Nice phrasing, thanks!

   assert     del        global     not        with
   async      elif       if         or         yield

.. _soft-keywords:

Soft Keywords
-------------

.. index:: soft keyword, keyword

.. versionadded:: 3.10

Some identifiers are only reserved under specific contexts. These are known as
*soft keywords*.  The identifiers ``match``, ``case`` and ``_`` can
syntactically act as keywords in contexts related to the pattern matching

> statement, but this distinction is done at the parser level, not when

Reviewer 2: Good description.

tokenizing.

> This is done to allow their use while still

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As soft keywords, their use with pattern matching is possible while still
```
